there's a very nice pattern and
progression I like I'm going to put on
my unified so that's the new song you'll
hear it's a message to love i really
like the way it sounds so you can be
pretty ergonomic using the thumb over
the top of the neck and a lot of
experience planners already know this
this is for those of you who don't know
that this is a good way to play or
that's the way I learned to play having
been pushed in that direction by my
great guitar friend and a guru ki flip
guitars up and Emma Stone going to show
you this little lick that I figure it
out it's a country link but it's so
unique and it's used all the time
Hendrix uses it all the time it's a
major let's play in C position you see
I'm using this finger and augmenting it
on the B string or that's the first part
of it for dropping it back to the form
and then using this form which is like a
default okay I hope you can figure this
out on your own
do it really slowly it's a very nice
thing is a cute thing that energy goes
it everywhere I don't see many guitar
players use it I don't know if they're
aware of it but I figure this out just
listening and you know trying to be open
to new ways of playing so listen to how
this works if you listen to a lot of
these things I think you'll find us
being used in Lil Wayne Oh especially in
black version says other places he is
and he throws it in a lot when he's
tuning up also you'll hear him do
something right okay so that's something
that you want to work on it's a nice
little riff hendrix was often accused of
being a country player by the blues
musicians his time because he was a lot
of major forms and i used a lot of kind
of talk scales if you're familiar with
that did a lot of ones pentatonic lee he
did a lot of things that most
photographers that play the blues nor
ears for instance in and warm up